Create a BPMN model for the following description. Note that the text has additional
information that is not part of the process flow. Identify only the relevant process flow:
The validity of the categories of Greek driving licenses is determined by the provisions of
article 5 of P.D. 51/2012 (A΄ 101), as in force. Each category of driving license may be renewed
at any time, provided that the legal requirements are met. The applicant should hold a valid
Greek or EU-Member driving license, and have his/her habitual residence in Greece or to have
had the status of student or pupil for at least six (6) months in Greece, before the day of
submission of the application and supporting documents. The procedure can be initiated by the
applicant either at a regional point of service (Directorate for Transport and Communications)
or digitally in the National Single Digital Gateway - gov.gr. The estimated time is 45 days and
the fees vary from 108 to 111 €. The official of the Transport and Communications Service of
the Regional Unit receives the application - solemn declaration and the supporting documents
submitted by the interested party directly at the Service or digitally via the following link:
[Link]. The official of the Transport and Communications Service of the relevant Regional Unit
checks the completeness and correctness of the supporting documents. If omissions are
identified, the interested party will be informed of the need to provide additional information.
The process then waits for one of two events to occur: either the interested party submits the
requested documents, or 15 days pass without submission. If the documents are submitted
within the deadline, the completeness and correctness check is performed again. If no
documents are received after 15 days, the process is terminated. If no omissions are identified,
the official of the Transport and Communications Service of the relevant Regional Unit shall
register the application. The official of the Transport and Communications Service of the
relevant Regional Unit gives the person concerned a Certificate of Submission of Request. If
the driving license has expired or expires before the printing of the new form, the official issues
the person concerned with a provisional driving license. Similarly, in the digital procedure, a
citizen can collect a provisional driving license in person from the Regional Unit that has
submitted the application and supporting documents electronically. The official of the
Transport and Communications Service of the relevant Regional Unit issues the driving license
by making an electronic entry in the Driving License Register. As long as the license has not
been issued, an automated reminder is sent to the responsible official every 5 working days.
The processing time depends on the workload of the respective Transport and Communications
Service of the Regional Unit. The Transport and Communications Service of the Regional Unit
sends the information in electronic form, as well as the print application, with the photograph
and signature of the person concerned, to the Passport Directorate of the Hellenic Police. The
person concerned receives the driving license in person, from the Transport and
Communications Service where the relevant application has been submitted. The driving
license shall be delivered, with signature, to the holder, who must be in possession of his/her
identity card or valid passport, and to a person in possession of any legal document such as a
power of attorney duly certified as authentic or a po wer of attorney. He/she shall also
surrender the driver’s license if it contains at least one (1) valid category (such as a renewal
of category C or D while B is still valid) and the color temporary driver’s license .