Create a BPMN model for the following description:
The process starts when the official of the Transport and Communications Service of the
Regional Unit receives the application - solemn declaration and the supporting documents
submitted by the interested party directly at the Service or digitally via the following link:
[Link]. The official of the Transport and Communications Service of the relevant Regional Unit
checks the completeness and correctness of the supporting documents. If omissions are
identified, the interested party will be informed of the need to provide additional information.
The process then waits for one of two events to occur: either the interested party submits the
requested documents, or 15 days pass without submission. If the documents are submitted
within the deadline, the completeness and correctness check is performed again. If no
documents are received after 15 days, the process is terminated. If no omissions are identified,
the official of the Transport and Communications Service of the relevant Regional Unit shall
register the application. The official of the Transport and Communications Service of the
relevant Regional Unit gives the person concerned a Certificate of Submission of Request. If
the driving license has expired or expires before the printing of the new form, the official issues
the person concerned with a provisional driving license. The official of the Transport and
Communications Service of the relevant Regional Unit issues the driving license by making an
electronic entry in the Driving License Register. As long as the license has not been issued, an
automated reminder is sent to the responsible official every 5 working days. The Transport and
Communications Service of the Regional Unit sends the information in electronic form, as well
as the print application, with the photograph and signature of the person concerned, to the
Passport Directorate of the Hellenic Police. The person concerned receives the driving license
in person, from the Transport and Communications Service where the relevant application has
been submitted.